[SISBELL] It's been a year,
Saint Disciple Iska.
You're the girl from prison.
The one I freed.
Yes, my name is Sisbell.
It happened so fast
I'm honored you remember.
I do apologize for
breaking into your room
at such a late hour.
That said, um...
I'm not exactly accustomed
to being treated so roughly.
[ISKA]
Huh?
[SISBELL] I would appreciate
it if you would get off of me.
Oh, sure, sorry!
[ALICE]
Wh‐Wh‐Why...
[RIN] Lady Sisbell must
have been investigating
the swordsman.
But I can't imagine her motive.
Oh, no!
Could she have seen the two
of us meet in the neutral city?
What if she used
her astral spirit?
Please calm down, My Lady.
Your sister has strict limits.
She can see for a
300‐meter radius.
It's impossible that she
witnessed the events in Ein.
Then she might have
heard our conversations
in the palace.
Despite all of my precautions.
Worst case scenario,
Lady Sisbell suspects you
and the Empire are connected.
Iska.
If you don't mind me
calling you that.
I'm truly sorry for letting
myself into your room
and frightening you.
On a larger note,
I regret not thanking you
when you freed me.
You were kind.
And I didn't utter a
single word of gratitude.
I must admit...
That night...
I thought the Imperials
were playing a trick on me.
So please, let me show
you my appreciation now.
I can't accept this.
I didn't save you
expecting a reward.
Later,
I read about you
in the newspaper.
A direct subordinate of
the Emperor admitted
to the crime of freeing a witch.
You can imagine how
quickly that story spread,
even through the
neighboring neutral cities.
Is that why you know my name?
[SISBELL]
Yes.
And now I'm here
to return the favor.
You lost your status and honor.
Just because you helped me.
But I can return it to you.
And guarantee your safety.
Iska!
Please, would you accompany
me to the Sovereignty?
What role do you play there?
I live within the palace.
That's all.
Well, then tell me.
Yes?
Why are you here?
If you're close to the court,
you must have people under you.
[SISBELL]
No. At least, not really.
The truth is,
I can't trust anybody!
Apologies.
I let my emotions
get the better of me.
I'll come back for your answer.
I'm glad that I saw you.
[ISKA]
Well, this is great.
[RIN]
Your Majesty.
We could not find anything.
Understood.
[RIN] However, I would
like to offer a plan.
What is it?
It's simple.
Reunite these sisters.
Lady Sisbell is on a mission
in a foreign nation.
She cannot retreat to her
bedroom and lock herself away,
hiding her feelings
and concerns.
If My Lady talks to her alone,
far from this palace,
she may confide in her.
As sisters are wont to do.
Alice. Could I ask that of you?
[ALICE]
Yes, Mother!
Rin. Arrange it.
Ma'am.
[ALICE]
Sisbell. What is this?
What are you up to?
[SISBELL] Why do I feel like I
have no idea what I'm doing?
It is so unlike me.
I've imagined this
scenario so many times.
I'll try again.
I will not give up on you.
[GREAT APOSTLE B] We received
new intel from our ally.
[GREAT APOSTLE A]
Oh?
A purebred witch is in
the independent nation.
Not only that, she's a
daughter of Queen Nebulis.
[F GREAT APOSTLE A]
Alone?
[GREAT APOSTLE B]
She took only one servant.
Without guards,
she's practically helpless.
[F GREAT APOSTLE A]
What does our ally say?
[GREAT APOSTLE B] That they'll
hand her over to the Empire.
[GREAT APOSTLE C]
What?
[GREAT APOSTLE A]
Is that true?
[F GREAT APOSTLE A]
This is a splendid day.
Capturing a purebred
is our primary goal.
We must not fail.
[GREAT APOSTLE A] Shall we
deploy the Object, then?
[GREAT APOSTLE B] That weapon
cannot be tied back to us,
after all.
[F GREAT APOSTLE A]
And nothing can stop it.
[GREAT APOSTLE A]
Let the witch hunt begin.
[MISMIS]
This is the life!
What a treat to have
barbecue for breakfast.
When we were still
in the Empire‐‐
Stop talking and help, Boss.
Sure thing, I'll grill the meat!
[NENE]
No, wait! Not yet!
You have to start with veggies
that take longer to cook.
Here. These.
[MISMIS] Aww!
Come on, don't spoil the fun!
A little meat for
an appetizer is fine.
Right, Iska?
Veggies first. Right, Iska?
[NENE]
Someone's distracted.
[MASKED LORD] Thank you
for joining me, Elletear.
Now then.
I've been thinking
about what you said.
It would help if
you told me more.
I'm afraid the ones trying to
get in touch with the Empire...
...are my darling sisters.
[laughing]
[MASKED LORD]
You must excuse me.
I was not expecting those words
to come out of your mouth.
Coming to me with such
a scandal puts your family
in a bad light.
Are you certain you want
to continue this conversation?
Yes. Our nation is at stake.
The Sovereignty is far more
important than the election.
I agree.
Consider me at your service.
How can I be of assistance?
If my sisters are planning
to betray our people,
I must put a stop
to their schemes.
However, when the time comes,
I may not be able to do what
is necessary to stop them.
I fear that my feelings might
get in the way of my duty.
Which is why...
You need a judge.
Someone without your attachments
who'll take necessary action.
Breathe, my dear.
It must've been difficult
carrying this weight.
You have my word.
I'll see to it that
the truth is uncovered.
Thank you.
Please take good
care of my sisters.
Rest easy knowing that
you made the right decision.
I will not fail.
[GUIDE] Desert creatures
have gone through considerable
evolutions to survive
the harsh environment
of this area.
And the reigning king
of the food chain here?
I bet you can guess.
That huge beast,
the basilisk.
[ALICE] It's been years since
I travelled without Rin.
[GUIDE] Even if we do
encounter one today,
we have a specialized
hunter on board
to protect us.
[PASSENGERS gasp]
[GUIDE] Uh, we're terribly
sorry about that.
A flat tire?
I've spotted some
large footprints.
Let me investigate.
[GUIDE]
Excuse me, Miss!
You shouldn't leave!
[ALICE]
Not a basilisk.
That smells like oil.
I've a bad feeling about this.
Where's this new hotel?
Are we getting close yet?
I'm so tired I can barely
take another step.
It's just up ahead.
Ugh. I would've been
fine staying at
the same place again.
But if you think it's smart
to change rooms,
then I guess
I'll trust you, Iska.
I'm thinking of the budget.
Once you get outta downtown,
you can stay at a nice
hotel for less money.
Mostly I'm worried that girl
will show up again, though.
I don't want everyone
else involved.
[NENE]
Hold on a sec, Captain.
Let me fix this.
Oh, no! I forgot.
We have to figure out
what to do with my crest.
I doubt you'll
solve the problem,
so focus on having fun.
Stop being so mean!
We've brainstormed
but got nowhere.
Let's not worry for now.
We'll come back with fresh eyes.
Maybe then we'll think of
something we missed before.
We still have 60 days.
Yeah.
But, if you're still concerned,
I guess we can go
over to the market.
And buy what?
Remember where we are.
They sell all kinds
of goods in this city.
Things we don't have.
You mean they have
stuff from the Sovereignty
that might help.
Yeah, just like the
sticker Shanorotte had.
We'll buy the same thing.
It may have technically
been created by our enemies.
But we can utilize it.
[MISMIS] I knew you'd come
up with something!
Great! We'll hit the big
market tomorrow morning!
[ISKA]
Ta‐dah!
Right. I'll go exchange
currency so we can shop.
You guys can relax.
It'll be dinner time soon,
so make sure you hurry back!
Roger, Captain.
Iska. Your bags?
[ISKA]
Oh. Thanks.
No sign.
[SISBELL]
Good evening, Iska.
[ISKA] What kind of
magic trick did you use?
I told you I would
return to talk.
I won't be giving up on you.
Okay.
Let's find somewhere quiet.
I didn't decide to change
hotels until today.
But you found me.
How's it possible you
knew where I was?
Is this related to
your astral spirit?
Yes, you're exactly right.
My astral spirit has the
ability to display the past,
as if someone filmed it.
Today around noon,
you called the new hotel.
I saw and heard as you
repeated the room numbers
and asked when
you could check in.
It was simple enough
for me to replay.
[ISKA]
That's something.
A rare astral spirit that
interferes with space and time.
Seems like pretty crucial intel.
You sure it's okay to be giving
it to an Imperial soldier?
It is my way of extending trust.
When we spoke yesterday,
I wasn't honest about something.
You lied?
My name is Sisbell Lou
Nebulis the Ninth.
A possible successor
to the throne.
[ISKA]
Nebulis? She's Alice's sister!
You don't believe me.
No, I do.
Which is why I'm so surprised.
And also even more confused.
You're the Queen's daughter.
What would you
really want from me?
And why?
One of the Founder's
descendants is plotting
against our people.
They plan to take
my mother's life.
Hold on.
But you're all royal blood.
Yes. But this person does
not intend to uphold
the status quo of our nation.
They seek something disastrous,
further bloodshed
and destruction.
Understand that
if the queen dies,
then a full‐scale war will be
waged against the Empire.
[ISKA]
We'd annihilate each other.
[SISBELL]
That's their plan.
To drag the Sovereignty
into war and eliminate
the royal family in the
midst of the confusion.
[ISKA]
They're after you, too?
[SISBELL]
Yes.
I was able to learn of this
plot with my astral power.
The thing is...
I can't be sure
who's behind this.
That's why I can't bring
myself to trust anyone
in the palace.
Iska. I need you!
You're the only
one who can help!
Do you wish for so many to die?
For a future in which
both the Empire
and the Sovereignty
are wiped away?
Is that the doomsday
you want to see?
No way.
Then the choice
before you is obvious!
Come to the Sovereignty
and be my protector!
If I can end this plot,
we can avoid that scenario!
I won't ask you to betray
the Empire in spirit.
But nevertheless...
I want you to change the future!
[ALICE]
I'm behind schedule.
It took far too long
to get here.
This should be the
hotel my sister's at.
[SCHWARTZ]
Lady Alice?
I was right! It is you.
Thank goodness.
Oh. Schwartz!
Fancy meeting you here.
Please, tell me.
Have you seen Lady Sisbell?
[ALICE]
Huh?
She went off on her own
saying she had a task
to complete.
But she's not back.
And I'm afraid I can't
find her anywhere.
[ISKA]
I see your point.
And I absolutely don't
want an outright war
between our two nations.
[SISBELL]
I knew you would understand.
[ISKA] But I'm afraid
I can't go with you.
What do you mean?
I told you, if the Queen dies,
all of the Sovereignty
will fall into the hands
of a vile traitor.
The entire world,
even the neutral nations,
would become a fiery
warzone overnight.
We have to stop that.
[ISKA]
This is where you and I differ.
I obviously want
to avoid this war.
But that's not all.
I want to resolve
the 100‐year‐conflict.
Completely.
But how can you?
[ISKA]
Peace negotiations.
You're wrong!
We can't forgive the
Empire for everything
they've done to us.
You tortured and killed
our kind; it's inconceivable.
You may think that.
But it's still the
ultimate goal I fight for.
[ISKA] It's not just me.
There's someone else.
Someone within the Sovereignty
that you can rely on.
[MASKED LORD]
How disappointing.
This must be such a
heart‐wrenching outcome
for you, Lady Sisbell. A pity.
[SISBELL]
Masked Lord?
Why are you here?
[MASKED LORD] What, a noble
can't take a vacation to escape
the hustle and bustle
of everyday life?
There's nothing odd with that.
[ISKA] He's the one who kicked
our Captain into the vortex.
[MASKED LORD]
What is strange is you, Sisbell.
Who is the boy
standing next to you?
[SISBELL]
A stranger.
[MASKED LORD]
Don't bother lying.
I've had an unfortunate run‐in
with that Imperial soldier
in the past.
The queen will be devastated
to learn of this.
Her precious daughter is
scheming with the Empire.
You jump to conclusions!
Trust me.
I'm not the one who's
betrayed the Sovereignty.
In fact,
I'm trying to save
the integrity of our nation!
You speak nothing but lies.
[SISBELL] So that's
what you're doing here.
The Zoas don't care
about the truth,
as long as they have
supposed evidence
that will gain them an
upper hand in the election.
Coward.
You're free to assume
what you like, I suppose.
I'm taking you in.
On suspicion of treason.
Your family will be mortified.
[MASKED LORD]
Oh?
You certainly are the queen's
daughter if you still
have the will to resist.
Be a dear and give up quietly.
Go.
[ISKA]
Masked Lord, was it?
Aren't you on the same side?
[MASKED LORD]
A traitor deserves no mercy.
Especially one connected
to an Imperial soldier
like you.
[ISKA] You're not interested
in her reasoning?
[MASKED LORD]
It doesn't matter.
Betraying the Sovereignty
is a crime like no other.
Now, I'm going to
ask you to disappear.
My grand game
is almost complete.
[ISKA]
It can't be.